README.md, before:


## Hello world! 👋
  <img align="right" width="110px" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5132652/164617212-b56e7fb9-da7a-4bc3-99a7-06b672ce9fd5.png">

I'm a passionate and driven Fullstack Software Engineer👨🏻‍💻 who's branching from being Frontend 🪴

The focus for the majority of my career has been in the JavaScript 🟨  TypeScript 🟦 ecosystem.
I'm a huge fan of the [Open Web Platform 🕸](https://www.w3.org/wiki/Open_Web_Platform) and [component driven development](https://www.componentdriven.org/) with React ⚛️.

In the past two years I have immersed myself in the cloud computing space 🌩️  
I've been in the backend using Go 🐿 Kubernetes ☸️ Kafka 🪳 PostgreSQL 🐘 Azure 💠  AWS 🔶

My professional experience builds on years of personal projects where I made .NET (+WPF), Java (+FX), Android/iOS applications — unleashing my creativity in UI/UX. I apply my past love for Flash animation to achieve neat visual effects 💥 of which I confidently bring to HTML & CSS.
  
Check out my website @ https://jccr.dev 

Oh and feel free to check out my featured repos too! 👇

Commit message:

Add mastodon profile with rel=me

README.md, after:


## Hello world! 👋
  <img align="right" width="110px" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5132652/164617212-b56e7fb9-da7a-4bc3-99a7-06b672ce9fd5.png">

I'm a passionate and driven Fullstack Software Engineer👨🏻‍💻 who's branching from being Frontend 🪴

The focus for the majority of my career has been in the JavaScript 🟨  TypeScript 🟦 ecosystem.
I'm a huge fan of the [Open Web Platform 🕸](https://www.w3.org/wiki/Open_Web_Platform) and [component driven development](https://www.componentdriven.org/) with React ⚛️.

In the past two years I have immersed myself in the cloud computing space 🌩️  
I've been in the backend using Go 🐿 Kubernetes ☸️ Kafka 🪳 PostgreSQL 🐘 Azure 💠  AWS 🔶

My professional experience builds on years of personal projects where I made .NET (+WPF), Java (+FX), Android/iOS applications — unleashing my creativity in UI/UX. I apply my past love for Flash animation to achieve neat visual effects 💥 of which I confidently bring to HTML & CSS.
  
Check out my website @ https://jccr.dev or find me on Mastodon <a rel="me" href="https://techhub.social/@jccr">@jccr@techhub.social</a>

Oh and feel free to check out my featured repos too! 👇
